# Day 12 - Launch plan

[**Day 11** ↼](21Q1_Day11.md)[⇀ **Day 13**](21Q1_Day13.md)

> Today, you will prepare your launch plan.

We're finally ready to prepare our launch plan. We´ll use all we've prepared in the previous days to put together a launch plan.

Take your time to write down all the actions you'll preform to launch your product with their associated times and days. Ensure you hav all your content ready for each action. Here are some things to keep in mind.

## Audience & channels

On Day 9 you defined your audience and th channels that thy favour. Prepare all you need to engage with them on social networks (Subreddits, Facebook groups...), product launch pages (product hunt, hacker news...) and other channels you've identified. Create any accounts you will need to do so.

If you've built a mailing list, prepare the emails for the days leading up to launch day, the launch itself and the days afterwards.

## Content

Prepare the content you need for all your launch day actions: visuals, copies, videos, posts, emails, teaser content for socaial, free resources for email subscribers, articles...

## Platform

Run through your sales platform and ensure all is ready for launch:

- Are all the details for your account set? Don't forget to add your banking details so you can be paid!
- Is your product uploaded and ready to purchase?
- Is your sales page ready?

If all is ready you can soft launch it by asking a friend or family memeber to make a first purchase.

## When

Decide what day you want to launch! Day 14 will be on the weekend and ot's preferable to launch on a weekday. So even if the symbolic launch day is the 14th, find the best day and time to launch!

Just two days to go!

[**Day 11** ↼](21Q1_Day11.md)[⇀ **Day 13**](21Q1_Day13.md)

---

All content by [Wealth Adventures](https://wealthadventures.org) is licensed under Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 Intl. To view a copy of this license, visit <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0>
