# Day 2 Pick your topic

[**Day 1** ↼](21Q1_Day1.md)[⇀ **Day 3**](21Q1_Day3.md)

> Today, you will choose the idea you will build and start planning for it.

## Choosing an idea

It's time to analyse all the data you gathered in the research. From the data you should be able to make a decision on which id your best idea.

One way to find your best idea is to use this [worksheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Z56s6L0RG4j3JPUaSRwVOgTSV6ncypPDJrjedis1kKY/edit#gid=0) to compare them. Subjectively score each of the columns with a value from 1 to 10 according to the instructions below.

### About how the idea relates to **you**

- Expertise
  - 1 if the idea is new to you and you've never explored it before
  - 10 if you are a world renown expert on the topic
- Excited
  - 1 if you hate the topic, but think it may have merit elsewhere
  - 10 if you get up in the morning just to check what new content has appeared overnight on the topic

### About how the idea relates to its **audience**

- Size
  - 1 if only you want this
  - 10 if absolutely everyone wants this
- Engagement
  - 1 if it's a high security prison patio
  - 10 if it's a Wall Street Bets crowd
- Willingness to pay
  - 1 if yo are going to have to build them a house to get a penny
  - 10 if they are throwing money at you

### About how long it will take and cost

- To build
    1 if you are going to have to plan and build a cathedral
    10 if you are going to pick up a largish leaf for shelter
- To maintain
    1 if it's going to have to be your next job
    10 if it's 30 mins of work per week

After this, your highest score is your best bet. Play around with the numbers until you find something that makes sense.

## Outlining an idea

To finish off the day we'll pull together a rough plan for the product. Outline what the product will be like, work backwards from launch day and define the steps to build the product. Keep it high level, no need for a detailed plan now, we'll do that on Day 4.

To build your product outline gather together all your references, research and notes onto post-its or small notes. Then organise the notes into topics or themes. Add content to make each topic or thee a section in your product (course, book, journal...).

Choose wisely and start outlining!

[**Day 1** ↼](21Q1_Day1.md)[⇀ **Day 3**](21Q1_Day3.md)

---

All content by [Wealth Adventures](https://wealthadventures.org) is licensed under Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 Intl. To view a copy of this license, visit <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0>
