# Day 3 - A building routine

Today, you will plan how to build your idea and you will design a routine to do so.

## Start building

Before we go into today's digression, remember it's time to start building. From here onwards we'll assume you are working on creating your product in addition to following the topics covered in the facilitation posts.

## Building a habit

Achieving the challenge will be tough! Right now, during the first days, you're motivated and excited about the product. But you can't rely on motivation to get you all the way through the process. It will be much easier if you develop a habit!

To start, commit some time to work on the product on a regular basis, every day if possible. If you do so at the same time everyday, even better! This will help you get into a rhythm and add small wins that will accumulate over time.
<!-- (see Atomic habits) -->

Don't wait for motivation to get you going, work constantly and you will slowly but surely see results. And if you need to relaunch your motivation, remember the _"why you're doing this"_ we wrote down on Day 1!
## Complete your plan

Finally, finalise your plan. Now that you have regular timeslots assigned to work on your product, work back using your outline from the launch date and determine what needs to be done each day.

If you haven't already, go create!

---

All content by [Wealth Adventures](https://wealthadventures.org) is licensed under Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 Intl. To view a copy of this license, visit <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0>
