# Day 8 - Pricing

[**Day 7** ↼](21Q1_Day7.md)[⇀ **Day 9**](21Q1_Day9.md)

> Today, you will define a pricing strategy for your product.

Pricing is a complex matter so we'll approach it lightly, highlighting some tips to jump start your research.

Your goal is to strike a balance between:

1. a price users are happy to pay and
2. a price that ensures you are profitable and rewards you appropriately for your work.

Finding this price is a case of trial and error but here are some ideas that can help.

## Analyse competition

Look at similar products from competitors. In what range are their prices?

## How much does the alternative cost

If the product did not exist, how much would users have to spend to get the benefit the product provides?

## Don't overcharge

Make sure users leave the transaction with the feeling they have acquired more value than what they paid. Happy customers means repeat customers.

## Ensure you are profitable

Make sure the price allows you to create enough profit to continue providing your product or service on an ongoing basis. Remember customers may infer low value from low prices.

## Run your own experiments

Finally, run your own experiments to understand what your audience and customers are happy with. You will be testing prices on an ongoing basis, there is no ideal perpetual price.

When thinking about strategies for your pricing you can consider the early status of the product. For example you can look into pre-order discounts, launch day discounts and first version discounts.

Finally, I encourage you research more on pricing. You might want to start with [this psychology article](https://www.helpscout.com/blog/pricing-strategies/) proposed un the Gumroad 14 day product challenge.

At the end of your research you should have a range of prices to try and a plan to test them.

[**Day 7** ↼](21Q1_Day7.md)[⇀ **Day 9**](21Q1_Day9.md)

---

All content by [Wealth Adventures](https://wealthadventures.org) is licensed under Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 Intl. To view a copy of this license, visit <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0>
