# Day 4 - Defining your digital product

[**Day 3** ↼](21Q1_Day3.md)[⇀ **Day 5**](21Q1_Day5.md)

> Today, you will define your idea in detail.

## Your product defined

It's time to dive deeper into your product. You should have an outline and a general plan to create your product, you have the what, but what about the how?

Today we'll define the how you're going to build it. Let's start with the simple definition of the product. What is it's provisional name, what will it be about, what format will it be in (course, book, journal, cards...), how would you describe it? Write all that down, it will use it at the start of our next meeting!

Then, start thinking what does the MVP / MSP / MLP (Minimal Viable / Sellable / Lovable Product) look like. What features are fundamental, what features can you cut out or release in future versions?

Finally, how will you build it. What tools will you use, what process, will you do it yourself or will you outsource it?

When you have thought all this, create a new channel in the Showcase folder in Discord with a short provisional name for your product. Add the answers to the above questions there. This will be the channel where you can post your updates on your idea.

Remember you can spam the Discord with any question about tools to use or process to create a product to get our feedback.

## Outsourcing

Consider outsourcing as an option for the things you don't know how to do. Services like Fiverr can be used to create covers or visuals at reasonable prices and variable quality. That's an adventure in itself. Tim Ferris' 4 hour week talks on the best way to outsource and to talk to contractors.

Happy exploring!

[**Day 3** ↼](21Q1_Day3.md)[⇀ **Day 5**](21Q1_Day5.md)

---

All content by [Wealth Adventures](https://wealthadventures.org) is licensed under Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 Intl. To view a copy of this license, visit <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0>
