# Day 7 - Go to Market plan

[**Day 6** ↼](21Q1_Day6.md)[⇀ **Day 8**](21Q1_Day8.md)

> Today, you will define how you will sell your product.

We're half way through the creation track. It's time to start thinking about selling your product. How you sell your product influences key decisions in the creation process, so starting early will help us build a better product.

A simple approach to defining your go to market strategy is to address the following questions:

## 1. Who is your audience?

  You can do this by describing their characteristics or by imagining an idealised customer persona.
  -> Based on this persona, answer the questions below.

## 2. Where is your audience?

  Where does your audience read about your kind of products? What communities or publications are relevant to your product?
  -> Attract leads from here to your own channels or try to sell here directly.

## 3. How will you reach your audience?

  What channel will you use to reach your audience? Will you build a newsletter or a community? 
  -> Consider the channel that better aligns with your audience and product.

## 4. How will you address your audience?

  Does your audience expect you to be formal or is your product fun?
  -> Think about the tone and the voice of your product and its marketing.

## 5. What do your audience want or need?

  What customer need, expectation or requirement is your product addressing.
  -> Use this in your product, messaging and marketing to attract attention.
  
## 6. How are you solving that need? What is the benefit?

  How does your product solve the need? What benefits does the audience enjoy by using your product.
  -> Use this in your product, messaging and marketing to support conversion.

With this, the only item left to define is Price. We'll explore pricing in detail tomorrow!

[**Day 6** ↼](21Q1_Day6.md)[⇀ **Day 8**](21Q1_Day8.md)
---

All content by [Wealth Adventures](https://wealthadventures.org) is licensed under Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 Intl. To view a copy of this license, visit <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0>
