# Day 6 - Product image

Today, you will build your product's image.

## A visual identity and a sales pitch

After the product name, your customer will encounter your product image. That is landing pages, covers, or other visual elements and text that you put forward to represent your product.

So, how to start creating these? Start with knowing your audience. What needs are you solving for them? What is the benefit and the value of your product?

By understanding your audience, you can tailor your sales pitch, crate your product and marketing visuals and set a tone or voice for your product. Remember you can outsource any part you are uncomfortable with. Use a service like Fiverr (your experience may vary), select an artist you like and remember to purchase the source files for any changes you want to do in the future. Alternatively, if you have a very engaged audience, you can ask them to help you with your creative assets.

However, if you are looking to do it yourself you may want to look into free tools like Canva or Figma.

## Open questions

In addition to supporting the creation of our products, the mastermind group is also a place to discuss the pros and cons of working on a second income. In that spirit, here is an open question to reflect on today.

Is a second income worth the effort? Or are we chasing a myth? Are the recounts of successful attempts statistically sound or a product of survivability bias?

---

All content by [Wealth Adventures](https://wealthadventures.org) is licensed under Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 Intl. To view a copy of this license, visit <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0>
