# Day 9 - Building or finding your audience

[**Day 8** ↼](21Q1_Day8.md)[⇀ **Day 10**](21Q1_Day10.md)

> Today, you will define how to build and engage your audience.

To sell your product you need customers to buy it. For that to happen, you must find people that have the need it solves. Then, let them know your product exists and that it's interesting to them as it solves their need. Finally, you will help them make the decision to purchase it.

This means you must:

1. Find or build an audience
2. Market to that audience

Today we'll focus on the first point. Depending on the choices you made for your product and your pre-existing assets you may:

## Curate an audience

If your product aligns with something you are already a part of you may have an existing audience to sell to. Think about this creatively, you may have an asset you are not aware of:

- if you tweet about the NBA you have a following interested in basketball game reviews
- if you're a travel photographer on instagram you may find you can launch a holiday app

and so on.

Use this to your advantage and start to interact with the audience before and while building the product. Make them part of the process and they will tell their friends and buy your product when you launch.

Even if already have this audience you should continue to build it over the next weeks.

## Build an audience

Building an audience is no easy task. It take time and work and consistency. You need to create a relationship of trust with your audience and provide them value as you go along.

We will cover the very basics at the end of this post but let's discuss it in more detail on Discord. Common advice is to:

- Provide value upfront for free
- Provide value every day (f.e. write a useful tweet every day)
- Share what you're doing on an ongoing basis
- Let your audience participate in the process
- Learn from your audience

and so on. But people won't come and interact with you without a prompt, you'll have to convince them to engage with you.

## Find your audiences

To grow your audience, find out where they already are active and engaged (social media groups, forums, blogs, communities...). Then provide value there on an ongoing basis together with an introduction to your product.

This way you can capture a part of this audience, move them to your channels or even sell them the product directly.

## Basics

To find your audience and build a channel to engage with them, you may use some of the following basic tools:

1. Website

    Coding your website used to be a must. These day, however, you have many no-code options and most platforms (Gumroad included) provide easy to use tools to set up simple page. A quick search will provide you with a myriad of options.

2. Landing page

    One of the pages on you site must be the landing page for the product.

    - Ensure it's catered to your target audience.
    - Use the sales pitch you developed on Day 7: mention what need or problem you are solving.
    - Have a clear call to action! Tell them what they should do next to get the product.
    - Introduce yourself or your brand. Why are you creating this product?

3. Email optin

    On your landing page, you may have  a call to action to purchase your product. However, getting your audience to make the purchase decision may not be so simple, they need to trust you and believe in your product. An easier option is to ask them for their email address. Then, you can start engaging with them about your product. This even works while you are building it and have no product to sell!

    Tell them what they are signing up for, what benefit they will get from doing so: tips, exclusive information, a discount, additional features...
    Once they sign up, send them and email right away and start that conversation.

If you are looking for suggestions on processes and tools to do the above, hop on the #selling_qa channel on Discord.

Continue building, grow your audience; at the same time!

[**Day 8** ↼](21Q1_Day8.md)[⇀ **Day 10**](21Q1_Day10.md)

---

All content by [Wealth Adventures](https://wealthadventures.org) is licensed under Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 Intl. To view a copy of this license, visit <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0>
