# Day 10 - Finishing your product

[**Day 9** ↼](21Q1_Day9.md)[⇀ **Day 11**](21Q1_Day11.md)

We are getting close to the end ot the create track, 4 days more to go before launch!

You've been working on the content for your product for a few days and hopefully have a plan to complete it before launch. However, don't underestimate the work needed to build the final product: remember the editing and formatting.

## Start Editing

Whether your creating a book, a course or a journal, editing designs, text or video can be a labour intensive task. Remember to start early and consider outsourcing as an option.

While editing, have friends or family review your content, step away from it for a bit and look back at it with fresh eyes, use online tools to validate or check it.

To format your product you can find tools online that may help you. Make sure it's clear, looks professional and is easy to consume. Check the platform you'll publish on and ensure you are providing the right format to publish it.

## Email list

If you set up your landing page you will start getting some emails and interest from customers. Send them an email straight away to acknowledge them and start providing value.

What is your emailing strategy? What value are you offering your audience? What tools are you using for emailing? Hop into the #selling_qa Discord channel and let us know!

[**Day 9** ↼](21Q1_Day9.md)[⇀ **Day 11**](21Q1_Day11.md)

---

All content by [Wealth Adventures](https://wealthadventures.org) is licensed under Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 Intl. To view a copy of this license, visit <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0>
