# Day 5 - Product name and brand

Today, you will choose your product name and brand.

It's time to name your product. The name of your product is the first point of contact with your future customers. It's your first opportunity to sell it, And the first time they will take an impression from it!

The Gumroad _14 day product guide_ provides a useful guideline to define your name:

- **Memorable**

  The easier to remember, the easier to share and to search.

- **Informative**

  The more cryptic, the more marketing you'll have to spend to explain what it does. Choose a name that describes the product and you'll have less work educating your customers.

- **Short and simple**

  Keep it as short and simple as possible, one to five words, ideally three. Make it easy to understand.

- **Exciting**

  Draw your future customers in. Make your title pop and impossible to ignore. Is it catchy?

- **Unique**

  It's a nightmare to compete with someone with the same name as you, both for marketing and legally (if it gets to that).

Also, make sure to run some keyword searches and analyse search term trends to optimise your names. Think about what you are going to sell and how your names will help you do that. Talk about customer benefits rather than features. How will it affect their life? What value will they extract from it?

With these tips you should be able to think out a few options to test. Then use the Discord #creating_qa channel, ask your friends, your family, your followers or your network to get feedback on your names.

Once you've decided, share with your audience. The more you take them on the creators journey the more likely they are to buy once you launch!

Finally, reflect on what brand you will launch the product under. Go for a personal brand if you want to seem close and trustworthy or create a commercial brand if you prefer to keep it professional. What kind of brand suits you best? Let's discuss on Discord!

---

All content by [Wealth Adventures](https://wealthadventures.org) is licensed under Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 Intl. To view a copy of this license, visit <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0>
